hi this is Craig Dennis and today I'm
presenting the 2012 Jeep Wrangler
Unlimited
and this is a altitude Edition it's
based on the Sahara body you got special
black wheels they look beautiful share
on the back where it's easier to see I
liked how you got the gas cap cover this
is a really nice package
this particular model here is leather
these seats in the back fold down flat
like this give you lots of cargo room
and I'll give you a better look up in
the front
got fog lights headlights this you
notice body colored inserts norming on a
Sahara it's silver
is out to package gives you some really
nice touches body color vent openings
UConnect voice commands you connect
phone ready cancel navigation soft
button up in the top corner screen
the garmin base nav system power windows
climate control automatic transmission
you have 115 volt power point here USB I
can get it here for you know I'm
catching it the USB the 12-volt power
point inside - there it is that weight
light right there that's a USB hookup
keeps your phone charged your iPhones
iPods will play right to the sound
system and you can work everything right
from the steering would go the hard
drive CD auxilary if you have something
in there am/fm satellite volume you can
share to all your preset stations
without touching the radio you can also
use the voice command button and just
say tune satellite station 53 no didn't
work
I got a train it to my voice you can
have it you can tell it where to
navigate to everything think you're
really gonna enjoy this package got
heated seats up in the front
- just Abul seats
good-looking cheap I like the stitching
on the leather - I don't know if you
noticed that but it's just a beautiful
package the wheels really make it look
nice give me call four one two six nine
five three nine two nine seven two four
two eight eight four seven nine one and
I'll talk to you soon thank you have a
good day